Your email said. OK. OK, OK. So we are trying to, or we are building an AI for students and professors. So one of the things that we discovered when we were doing our customer discovery is that most students are using AI. But the way that they are, what they are facing right now is that they don't have direct access to classroom materials. So when they ask some questions, they get some things which are out of their scope of their syllabuses. We're talking about economics. People are doing some advanced research, and their students ask a simple thing. They end up getting those advanced concepts. So at the end, some students get up getting way behind, because they're now confused by those overcomplicated courses. So the other problem that has been there for a long time is that you cannot personalize what you're delivering to the whole classroom. Because in most scenarios, you end up finding a common ground. But that common ground, maybe some students don't understand maybe the example that you're using in that specific case. So what we are building is something that takes the material, which is on canvas, looks into the outlines, the modules, if there are PowerPoint slides, if there is any similar material. So that's the limitation of this scope on giving advice to students. And we're trying to make it fall under academic policies so that it doesn't give you, spit out the answers. And it just gives you guidance. OK, you're struggling with this. This is how you go about it. And this is one, two, three. While doing that, personalization is really important. So when students come in, they do an onboarding. And on that onboarding, they talk about what they love, what they like, generally what they want to achieve in life and things like that. That can help the machine better curate its answers to them if they're a basketball fan, uses basketball examples where applicable, what they want to do in their life along those lines. And optionally, for it to deliver better content and in the specific direction of the professor, optionally, professors can now input audios. And then they're transcribed into text. And then it has the direct direction of what's happening in the classroom so that the professor, the assistant, and the students are moving in the same way. OK, so some thoughts, I guess. And I don't know if this is going to be helpful or useful or anything. But I don't have you prepared. So it's not like it might not work. One thing is that sometimes instructors use Canvas as just sort of like a holding zone for a bunch of class material. So I've got stuff on my Canvas from things that I've taught two years ago that I've fixed and refined and made better. And now the final version is what you see in modules. But in files, what I've hidden from students is like years worth of stuff that just gets copied from semester to semester. So I don't know how your machine is going to be able to figure out what is actually supposed to be included and what is old material that's left over from previous classes. Because some of that stuff, I just don't teach anymore because it's based on how the semester timing goes. Some stuff just gets cut. And some of the stuff, I've made better examples. And I just have better, more clear ways to teach it. And so I would want the machine to find that stuff and not the old stuff that I kept in there forever. And so part of what I like about Canvas is that it can keep that information for me and that students don't see it. So as an instructor, one concern that I would have is that even sticking to Canvas as the parameters for your machine, not everything in Canvas should go into the machine. Yeah, that's right. So that's something. Two, I guess I would be wondering if students can actually, like, I'd want to see a demo. Yeah, that's true. That's what's out of this. What's the outside look like? Is it something that I would feel like I have to assess or do I have to verify this? Do I have to make sure that the machine is actually doing it right? How much can I trust it? Because if students use it and print it out for me and show me what the machine is doing, do I have to treat that as, like, authority? Do I have to say that, no, actually, the machine is right? Or can I overwrite it because the machine is wrong? So that would be a concern that I have, too. Yeah, it's going to be right. Yeah, that's true. And are students going to trust its output over my evaluation of the output? Mm-hmm. Yeah. So that's a thing. And then another sort of concern or idea is that this sounds like something that Canvas would like, right? That Canvas would want to use to market to instructors. So are you thinking of targeting learning management systems as your primary clients? Are you thinking about individual professors? Like, who's going to buy and use this stuff? We're thinking schools. Schools? Yeah. That was the initial thought. Because Canvas and the instructor, they probably are working on something. They have a product that they are working on. But it doesn't tackle exactly what we are doing. Because our core value is on the personalization to students. And they don't integrate that. They are just working on AI features, such as that helps make it easy when you are making a course, simple feature for the display, things like that. So I think partnering with Canvas or other LMS would be kind of difficult targeting schools. And we'll know the direct value to students. I think that's my click. OK. You could also, I don't know, so you might know this, and if you do, just tell me. But something that I like about Canvas is they have external tool integration. Yeah, you can tell me more. I haven't heard it from the other side. I've just watched a couple of videos. And it's like making it. So this is a possibility to situate yourself into Canvas. So for example, if I go into, I could do this anywhere. So like for modules, when I, for example, put in a YouTube video. So we did that for LMX, which is here. I put in the Devil Wears Prada clip. The way that I do that is I use this external tool. And there's a lot of tools here. This is how I get the Vantage stuff plugged into Canvas. This is how I get YouTube plugged into Canvas. If I wanted to put stuff from Google Drive into Canvas, I could do that. This is just sort of where external resources get plugged into Canvas. So it sounds like this is something that you could do. Right, so you could be an external tool that schools and their IT departments can use to just link into Canvas, much like they link an electronic textbook, or they link the Panopto video recording. This is just your AI tool that plugs in. And that sort of seems like the key functionality piece to give your target audience an idea of how to link your products into your YouTube. So maybe this is something that you would consider. If you're not going to make it part of Canvas native. Yeah, I think as an additional tool, I like that because we're just kind of a Piazza kind of format where if you click on the link, then that leads to the next page, and you get access to that. Yeah, so that sounds like a way to integrate your product with sort of like the ecosystem that these universities have. And you might want to familiarize yourself with the way that other LMS programs work. I like Canvas, but not all schools use Canvas. There's Blackboard, and D2L, and other sort of like ones that are less common. So I imagine they all work similarly, that there's a way to plug in external tools. That could actually be a benefit. It doesn't matter what your LMS is. There's a way to use your product. So you think this product would be helpful for your students and yourself because the value that we are trying to provide to professors is the analytics side of things. Sometimes we don't know what we don't understand the students. So if you tell me what you don't understand, I might not be able to point it out, but I might have spent the whole night or the whole classroom is asking the same question on the internet, kind of. So it can now turn that natural language into just like something which is summarized, OK, this is a specific topic maybe more students are concerned about. And we believe over time, it can help make a curated classroom structure. You know that, OK, the last two semesters, the student didn't understand this in one week. Maybe let me extend or let me touch this point because this is a specific point that students are not understanding those kind of analytics. OK. I guess what I would ask is, how are those analytics better than my hunches, right? Because I've done this a few times, so I can sort of predict which concepts are hard and which ones are easy. So if I can already get that hunch from my experience, why do I need your numbers to tell me that? That's true. That's true. But that is based on what you think and a number of students who are raising their hands in the classroom and giving responses. But some students are much introverted, so they weren't even mentioned at all. And yeah, especially with topics which are intermingling, you cannot really see with, like, even if you're using quizzes to trick it, you can't really see what was the problem. Was it this topic or was it the other topic? So with questions that people continuously ask, you could get it. Because even if you're introverted, you continuously ask something until you get it. And the number of students also helps you that, OK, this is what the majority is actually not understanding. Yeah. OK, so that's analytics based on people who use this AI, right? Yeah. Like, what about the students who are also in my class but using a different AI to look stuff up? Yeah, that would be another use case. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. OK. Yeah, I mean, overall, I think that that might be a good idea. Does it, do you have an idea of how it's going to use the book? Because that could seem like some weird copyright stuff. Yeah, the book, we are not there yet. But from the couple of professors that I've talked to, they were mentioning about the book because they mentioned that most students don't want to read the books. They're usually too long. So we are looking into if there's a way that we can get access to if the models that are there have got access already, like the large language models that are there, if they already have access, that would be better. If they don't, that would be difficult because taking the book as it is, it's copyright issues and a lot of issues with it. So it's something we're still looking into. Yeah, because that's sort of like what I default to. You'd be default to, oh, well, I didn't understand x, y, z. OK, well, what does the book say? Right, and so then I would, as an instructor, I would be tempted to keep that instead of your alternative. It wouldn't be like, what does the word next say? It would be like, OK, what does the book say? And so I don't know how you would get over that. Yeah, I think in terms of searching stuff and the value for professors, it's not there yet where you can give specific directions of things because most of the guidance that is taken and most of the things that we are trying for you to learn is coming from the professor. So it's like your TA, but the students just are moving around with the TA. Hm. All right. Well, that's pretty much all of the thoughts that came to mind as I was thinking about this. And as you were giving your recap today, what other questions do you have or what other feedback do you want? Yeah, one of the things that we're trying to figure out is the recording part. Is it something that professors would view as an extra work or something like that, like in general? Recording for the audio listening and recording? Yes. I think maybe for J. Dean, it wouldn't be much of a problem. I don't know, at the buildings, which do not have in-classroom equipment. I don't know. I mean, theoretically, you could just set up a laptop to record, right? Yeah. So it doesn't seem like the hardware would be that much of a barrier. I don't think it would be extra work, because you would just, it's more of a problem for you in figuring out how to record. Oh, never mind. You'd be doing this in real time, right? Like audio recording the lectures as they're given, day to day. Yeah. They could be recorded in class. And then upload it after class or any time, so that the students have a direct context. Because the issue is sometimes on Canvas, there's no specific guidance on what the limitations are. But if it is classroom audio, the better feedback that it can give to the students, because it's in line with what's going on in the classroom. So let's say this all works, and it's all really good, and your machine's very smart. Why would students not want to go back in the class? I think the class still is important. Learning things just online, that's really hard for most students. When the teacher asking those questions and things like that, then the AI is just helping you understand the most parts that you did not understand, or recaps, and things like that. It's just like those classes which have videos, where they put videos on the Canvas. I think we still have attendance in those classes. Most students do attend, because they know sometimes it's about making sure you're on track. Because if you're doing it on your own at home, you don't know the exact part where the professor is, even if you know, sometimes, as a student, you'll be like, OK, I'll do this later, and allocate another time that you never use at the end of the time. All right. Yeah, that's fair. I don't know what else to give you, or what else you need. But I think that this, hopefully, this feedback helps you. In guidance, and somehow. Yeah, it does, it does, it does. I'll continue looking into the access to textbooks, and see if it's something that can be actually helpful. Yeah, it's a good idea, I think, to limit the machine to specific parts, because there's just a lot of garbage on the internet that it would be good to exclude. So the idea is good. There's a lot of nuts and bolts to sort of figure out. Do you think this is something that most professors would be in line with, or what do you think would be? Maybe. I don't, hmm, some have a knee-jerk reaction against AI, which I tend to fall into that camp, too, honestly, is that I just don't like it. But that, I think, will eventually become an outdated sort of old-person view. This is the future, I think. So just like Google, this is the next Google. This is the next Google. So I do think that eventually more people will come around to this, and there are some that are very ready to use AI responsibly, and ready to have AI that works for them. And that seems to be what this is. So I think if you position it as, you know, it's a large language model, but it's like a medium language model, because it's not large in the sense that it captures the whole internet. It's the language that you want, so it's a targeted, restricted search, which is nice. I wrote it, so are you still busy? Yeah, I'll be out in like five minutes. That's true. Yeah, continue looking into it, but the feedback has been helpful, and I'll continue. OK, well, good luck. Yeah, keep me posted on how it goes, and if you need any other sort of feedback or input, I'm happy to help. Yeah, definitely, and continue seeking advice. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, I'm happy to see that you're thinking about these sort of like big applied problems. Thank you. Have a good one. Yeah, you too. I'll come grab you later, but enjoy that book. Oh, thank you. I hope that it tells you some important stuff. Oh, it does. 25 years ago, the greatest people. Enjoy the book. Thank you. How you doing? I'm doing all right. How are you?